feat: update plugin error handling and request response docs. (#5876)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-plugins/_index.md

influxdb3_local.info("This is an info message with an object", obj_to_log)
```

### Trigger Settings

#### Run Asynchronously
Triggers can be optionally configured to run asynchronously. This is enabled in the CLI via the `--run-asynchronously` flag.
If this flag is set individual instances of the trigger will run simultaneously.

#### Error Behavior
By default, errors in a plugin will simply be _logged_, writing to the server output and the system.processing_engine_logs system table. 
This behavior can be changed by specifying the "Error behavior", via the `--error-behavior` flag. Apart from the default `log`, you may set

> * `--error-behavior retry` will immediately the plugin in the event of error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--error-behavior retry` will immediately retry the plugin trigger in the event of error.
```
Not sure if this suggestion makes sense, but I think the wording needs some adjustment here.

On Request plugins are triggered by a request to a custom HTTP API endpoint.
The plugin receives the shared API, query parameters `Dict[str, str]`, request headers `Dict[str, str]`, the request body (as bytes), and any arguments passed in the trigger definition.

> The response conventions for On Request plugins follows Flask conventions, as detailed [here](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/quickstart/#about-responses).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Request plugin responses follow conventions for [Flask responses](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/quickstart/#about-responses).
```
